using Markdown Architectural Decision Records (#245)
thoth-station/core: README.rst

The main aim for this project is to provide a deployment for Thoth core
components. For more information about Thoth project and its goals see `the
Thoth repository <https://github.com/thoth-station/>`_.

Architectural decisions
-----------------------

> We keep track of architectural decisions using a lightweigh architectural decision records. More information on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We keep track of architectural decisions using lightweight architectural decision records. More information on the
```
